Check default configurations and clean-up (#5)
balena-io-playground/ipv6-router: README.md

You will need to register / request a tunnel from either tunnelbroker.net or
6project.org.

> > **Disclaimer**

Reviewer: The double space at the end of a line means a line break in markdown. Before this change, it would render as:

> **Disclaimer**
> _This project is not associated ..._

After this change, it renders as:

> **Disclaimer** _This project is not associated ..._

Did you actually mean to remove the line break?

> > **Disclaimer** 

Reviewer: Still missing a space here (2 spaces are needed).

### Setting up a Hurricane Electric Tunnel

* Sign up at [tunnelbroker.net](https://tunnelbroker.net)
* On the left side "User functions" menu, select "Create Regular Tunnel"
* Provide your public IPv4 address as IPv4 endpoint
* Select a geographically close tunnel server
* Click on "Create tunnel"
* Once the tunnel is created, its configuration is displayed
* Go to balenaCloud's dashboard, open your fleet and add fleet configuration
  variables to match the tunnel configuration:

  * **ROUTER_INTERFACE**: This is the device's network interface to use. It's eth0 by default.
  * **ROUTED_PREFIX**: This corresponds to the "Routed IPv6 Prefix" from the tunnel configuration.
  * **TUNNEL_PREFIX**: This corresponfs to the "IPv6 tunnel endpoints" prefix. If for example the server is `2001:470:1f12:352::1/64`

>     and the client is `2001:470:1f12:352::1/64`, the prefix becomes `2001:470:1f12:352::/64`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and the client is `2001:470:1f12:352::2/64`, the prefix becomes `2001:470:1f12:352::/64`
```
(Presumably the client and the server would have different addresses.)

  * **TUNNEL_LOCAL_IP4**: This is the private IPv4 address of the specified router interface. This is not the public IPv4 address used to configure the tunnel.
  * **TUNNEL_REMOTE_IP4**: This is the `Server IPv4 Address` from the `IPv6 Tunnel Endpoints` in the  tunnel configuration.

>   * **CLIENTS_WHITELIST**: This is a semi-colon separated list of client IPv6 addresses that the router will advertise to. This is used to unicast advertisements to individual devices instead of broadcasting to the whole network which could cause problems for IPv4 only devices.

Reviewer: Nice! I would add a note that the addresses should be link local, starting with `fe80::` -
```suggestion
  * **CLIENTS_WHITELIST**: This is a semicolon separated list of link-local client IPv6 addresses that the router will advertise to. Link-local addresses start with `fe80::`, e.g. `fe80::1234:abcd:5:6`, and you can find them with `ifconfig` or `ip -6 addr` on the clients. This is used to unicast advertisements to individual devices instead of broadcasting to the whole network, thus preventing the IPv6 router from interfering with devices that you would rather leave alone.
```
* I am not 100% sure of `radvd`'s behavior when the whitelist addresses are not link local, but I picture that, before a device is assigned a global IPv6 address, it will normally only have link local addresses.
* Depending on the exact meaning of "IPv4 only devices", normally IPv4 only devices would safely ignore IPv6 router advertisements as far as I am aware.

>   * **CLIENTS_WHITELIST**: This is a semi-colon separated list of client link-local IPv6 addresses that the router will advertise to. This is used to unicast advertisements to individual devices instead of broadcasting to the whole network which could cause problems for some devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **CLIENTS_WHITELIST**: This is a semi-colon separated list of client link-local IPv6 addresses that the router will advertise to. This is used to unicast advertisements to individual devices instead of broadcasting to the whole network. You may not wish to broadcast to the whole network because the IPv6 tunnel may offer lower bandwidth and higher latency, and cause temporary downtime if the tunnel connection is broken.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Include TUNNEL_MTU here? Somehow user must determine if MTU from Internet provider is less than 1500 (1480+20) from the Internet provider.

Reviewer: @kb2ma, feel free to submit more PRs with improvements like this and others. 👍

Author: @kb2ma as @acostach is working on a script that will dynamically set the MTU I hold off documenting a manual override at least until we see how that works out.
